hey how's it going Dave 2d here so this
is a video on the MX 150 the new laptop
GPU from Nvidia and there's a little bit
confusion with this chip because the
naming system isn't normal the whole MX
and then number isn't something they've
done before in the past so si would do a
little video that kind of talks about
the GPU this is a laptop GPU that was
derived from the same chip as the
desktop GT 1030 but it's surprisingly
faster which is weird right because this
is the laptop version so a few days ago
I did a video on this thing the Acer
Aspire 5 and I showcase some games
playing at an ADP on high graphics
settings and a lot of people were
interested in this thing but they wanted
to see other games at other resolutions
other graphics settings so I thought I'd
just kind of spend some time in the
weekend played a ton of games I have
some more data lightweight titles are
handled easily on this GPU so shooters
MOBAs whatever you want you'll
comfortably be able to hit 60 frames per
second at 1080p on ultra graphics even
something like gavel of 3 which can get
graphically intense will float above 70
frames per second with overwatch at
1080p I had to drop it to high settings
to keep good frame rates but it still
looks really good
games that are more demanding you'll
have to drop it to medium settings at
1080p to stay close to sixty frames per
second and remember you always have the
option of lowering your resolution to
keep your framerate up but let's step
back for a moment a lot of these games
are triple-a titles these are flagship
games are often used to benchmarks
high-end desktop graphics and now a six
hundred dollar laptop can play a lot of
them at 60 frames per second that's
crazy
the thing that this thing replaced like
the GPU that this thing replaced is
called the 940 MX and that thing could
not handle most of these games at 1080p
this is really cool there are
limitations though the heaviest games
like Witcher 3 and GTA 5 they can still
run but you have to put it the lowest
resolution and graphic settings just to
keep up smooth frame rates so yeah if
you're only going to be playing these
ultra demanding games then you're going
to need a better GPU something like pub
G dusting is not a well optimised game
so you'll need to lower the resolution
and graphics settings to make it smooth
[Music]
overall I'm really impressed with the MX
150 it's a lower-end GPU that's designed
to fit into the whole mid tier laptop
segment but the performance is
surprisingly good
it really is twice as good as a 940 MX
that's replacing it's kind of in-between
the 950 m and 960 m from last year but
if not as good as the gtx 1050 and I'm
not saying this is the greatest GPU ever
but V $600 mid to your laptops are very
capable for gaming now I want to mention
a few other things first the CPU and GPU
combination that you see in this thing
is actually pretty common for this
particular GPU so it's a 7200 you
it's a KB Lake CPU and the MX 150 and
when you look at the internals you'll
often see a single heat pipe and at
first you might think oh my god this is
terrible a single heat pipe for both
components but remember this is a 15
watt CPU a lot of gaming laptops have
quad-core 45 watt CPU that just produce
a lot more heat so the thermal
management on this thing is actually
very sufficient another thing if you'll
notice I don't have an FPS counter in
any of my game footage and if you're
wondering why it's because this CPU
isn't great for recording while playing
games the moment I start recording the
frame rates drop a good
seven to ten frames per second and I
didn't want to have you know inaccurate
frame rates reading up at the top so
you'll have to refer the graphs for
performance but if you're looking to
pick up this laptop to stream it's not a
good idea and the last thing I want to
mention is that this thing does not have
shadow play so in the menu there's often
this feature by Nvidia that allows you
to record gameplay while you're playing
that feature seems to be disabled on the
MX 150 I don't think it's specific to
this laptop I think it's across all the
MX 150 laptops but yeah it's missing
okay that's you know this video hope it
cleared some things up some of you liked
it subs if you loved it see you guys
next time
[Music]